Ok, customer support email is nexohealthsupport@gmail.com and phone number is +91 8807803856

LOGO of nexo I added
also a way to edit height and weight and age should not be entered it should be date of birth and app should calculate their age and update it and also a way to edit nutrition goals so they can get different reccs so like

your top nutrition goals: edit?
Goal A, Goal B
app colors is Black and green but also add blue like in the logo

and the nutrition plan part should have a "Add plan to cart" option, and the product description they should be able to click on the product to get full details

and trial pack they can select 2 products to get for the trial. One product 350g or two means 175g of each so 50g total per day for 7 days

Now, during the onboarding, we have to change the nutrition goals to these:
"Muscle Gain" , "Weight loss", "Improved brain performance", "Increase energy levels", "Kids health", "Overall senior health improvment", "Overall fitness support", "Blood sugar management"

products page:
NO 1. Nexo Elite Performer(match with muscle gain)
price per gram: INR1.75/g
icon color: Power Red, emoticon of dumbell
description: Recover, Rebuild, Repeat. Fuel for the relentless. Ditch synthetic protien and switch to natural protien enriched with BCAAs
key benefits:

14.2g of protien per serving of 50g powder, intense muscle repair.
Full, complete B-complex profile for explosive energy.
Rich in BCAA's from natural plant sources.
Pure natural protien, easier to digest than synthetic whey.
NO 2. Nexo Light and Lean(match with weight loss)
price per gram: INR 1.7/g
icon color: cool silver, emoticon of air
descrption: Fill up, lean out. Curb cravings naturally. High satiety fiber that keeps you fuller for longer, at just 165 calories per 50g of powder. Smart weight loss.
key benefits:

165g calories per 50g of serving.
High satiety fibre that keeps you full for hours on end.
Low glycemic index to help manage blood sugar, decreasing cravings.
NO 3. Nexo pure evolution (match with overall fitness support)
price per gram: 2.5/g
icon color: leaf green, emoticon of leaf
description: Clean, green, unstoppable. The ultimate superfood dose. Abundantly bioavailable B-Vitamins and antioxidants for the clean eating purist.
Key benefits:

Antioxidant rich seeds for cellular health.
Free of artificial gums, thickeners, and additives.
Abundantly bioavailable micronutrients.
NO 4. Nexo momentum mix(match with energy levels)
price per gram: INR 1.75/g
icon color: cobalt blue emoticon of running person
description: Beat the 3PM slump. Meetings back to back? School draining your energy? Unable to work because you feel constantly low on energy? Replace that fourth coffee or energy drink with a shot of our stress-busting and energy-sustaining magnesium loaded shot.
Key benefits:

Sustained glucose release from premium dates.
Digestively comforting blend to prevent bloating due to low energy.
Magnesium rich shot for stress management.
NO 5. Nexo Vitality Blend (Match with overall senior health improvment)
price per gram: INR 1/g
icon color: Royal purple, emoticon of an old person smiling
description: Strength that ages gracefully. Easy to digest plant protien designed for bone density and heart health along with overall health improvement. Pure nutrition for your golden years.
Key benefits:

Enriched with heart healthy omega 3s.
Easy to digest plant protien for muscle maintenance.
High fibre for gut regularity.
Boosted with multivitamins and micronutrients for improving overall bodily performance.
NO 6. Nexo Brain sharpener(match with Improved brain performance)
Price per gram: INR 1/g
Icon color: Yellow, emoticon of brain
Description: focus, memory, clarity. Exam season? Feed your brain the zinc and omega-3 it craves. Replace sugar crashes with mental stamina to sustain your long hours of intense study.
Key benfits:

Vitamin E for memory retention.
High Zinc and Omega-3that improves cognitive clarity.
Zero sugar energy to avoid slumps due to sugar rushes or crashes.
NO 7. Nexo Little champ (match with Kids health)
Price per gram: INR1.5/g
icon color: Bright organge, emoticon of kid wearing hat
description: Stronger bones, higher energy. The natural alternative to sugary malts which are pumped with preservatives. Made with love using high calcium makhana and iron from dates for your growing champion.
Key benfits:

Calcium dense fox nuts of skeletal development.